[Workers AI]Workers AI error table (#19677)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers-ai/workers-ai-errors.mdx

---
title: Errors
pcx_content_type: concept
---

Below is a list of Workers AI errors.

| **Name**                              | **Internal Code** | **HTTP Code** | **Description**                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | no such model                         | 5007              | 400           | No such model `${model}` or task                                                                                                                     |
> | Invalid data                          | 5004              | 400           | Invalid data type for base64 input: `${type}`                                                                                                        |
> | FinetuneMissingRequiredFiles          | 3039              | 400           | Finetune is missing required files `(model.safetensors and config.json) `                                                                            |
> | IncompleteRequest                     | 3003              | 400           | Request is missing headers or body: `{what}`                                                                                                         |
> | Account Not Allowed For Private Model | 5018              | 403           | The account is not allowed to access this model                                                                                                      |
> | Model Agreement                       | 5016              | 403           | User has not agreed to Llama3.2 model terms                                                                                                          |
> | AccountBlocked                        | 3023              | 403           | Service unavailable for account                                                                                                                      |
> | AccountNotAllowedForPrivateModel      | 3041              | 403           | The account is not allowed to access this model                                                                                                      |
> | Deprecated SDK version                | 5019              | 405           | Request trying to use deprecated SDK version                                                                                                         |
> | LoRa Unsupported                      | 5005              | 405           | The model `${this.model}` does not support LoRa inference                                                                                            |
> | InvalidModelId                        | 3042              | 404           | The model name is invalid                                                                                                                            |
> | RequestTooLarge                       | 3006              | 413           | Request is too large                                                                                                                                 |
> | Timeout                               | 3007              | 408           | Request timeout                                                                                                                                      |
> | Aborted                               | 3008              | 408           | Request was aborted                                                                                                                                  |
> | AccountLimited                        | 3036              | 429           | You have used up your daily free allocation of 10,000 neurons, please upgrade to Cloudflare's Workers Paid plan if you would like to continue usage. |
> | OutofCapacity                         | 3040              | 429           | No more colos (datacenters) to forward the request to                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| no such model                         | `5007`              | `400`           | No such model `${model}` or task                                                                                                                     |
| Invalid data                          | `5004`              | `400`           | Invalid data type for base64 input: `${type}`                                                                                                        |
| FinetuneMissingRequiredFiles          | `3039`              | `400`           | Finetune is missing required files `(model.safetensors and config.json) `                                                                            |
| IncompleteRequest                     | `3003`              | `400`           | Request is missing headers or body: `{what}`                                                                                                         |
| Account Not Allowed For Private Model | `5018`              | `403`           | The account is not allowed to access this model                                                                                                      |
| Model Agreement                       | `5016`              | `403`           | User has not agreed to Llama3.2 model terms                                                                                                          |
| AccountBlocked                        | `3023`              | `403`           | Service unavailable for account                                                                                                                      |
| AccountNotAllowedForPrivateModel      | `3041`              | `403`           | The account is not allowed to access this model                                                                                                      |
| Deprecated SDK version                | `5019`              | `405`           | Request trying to use deprecated SDK version                                                                                                         |
| LoRa Unsupported                      | `5005`              | `405`           | The model `${this.model}` does not support LoRa inference                                                                                            |
| InvalidModelId                        | `3042`              | `404¨           | The model name is invalid                                                                                                                            |
| RequestTooLarge                       | `3006`              | `413`           | Request is too large                                                                                                                                 |
| Timeout                               | `3007`              | `408`           | Request timeout                                                                                                                                      |
| Aborted                               | `3008`              | `408`           | Request was aborted                                                                                                                                  |
| AccountLimited                        | `3036`              | `429`           | You have used up your daily free allocation of 10,000 neurons. Please upgrade to Cloudflare's Workers Paid plan if you would like to continue usage. |
| OutofCapacity                         | `3040`              | `429`           | No more data centers to forward the request to                                                                                                |
```

Reviewer: Ports should be monospaced. I have a couple of questions though:
1. Why are some error messages sentences and others strings? For example why is the error "RequestTooLarge" instead of "The request is too large"?, and others are "Account Not Allowed For Private Model" instead of "AccountNotAllowedForPrivateModel"?
2. Also, any reason for not writing everytrhing in sentence case, like "Account not allowed for private model" instead of "Account Not Allowed For Private Model"?

Author: 1The differences in error messages an even the sentence case stem from the origin of the errors. However, I will ask about it and understand the reasoning behind it too.
